
[[A]]
Unh, any time I rap, they be feelin' the wrath
Lyrically, I stretch, kinda like the neck o' giraffe
H-Mack, bars I deliver, they straight-up off the handle, though
I be like a giraffe 'cause I'm a animal
H-Mack, you want it, you can holla, G
Unh, I'm a giraffe, reach for the tallest tree
Yeah, I be pullin' down all the fruit
Every time I'm kickin' lyrics, man, you know I get the loot
Let's get it, can't nobody do what I do
I spread like the flu, I'm somethin' like giraffe in the zoo
Except the difference is the Mack is breakin' out o' the cage
And any time I kick a lyric, y'all, I be in a rage
Unh, yeah, y'all know that I do this here often
When I'm rhymin', I got your jaw droppin'
Unh, I'ma take a trip out to Mars
'Cause every time I'm rhymin', I be shinin' with the stars
Yeah, improvisin' live with the hard stuff
Your mom said star, you said you were star-struck
H-Mack, man, I'll do this 'til I die
I popped up on the screen, she's like, "I'm about to cry!...
...I'm about to cry! I'm about to cry!" "Why?"
It ain't nothin' sad, I'm about to spit it fly
H-Mack, y'all know I'ma kill the game gladly
Ain't no need for tears, I'm about to make y'all happy
Every time I get loose with the style, they go wild
All the lyrics get compiled, I'm about to make you smile
I'm blowin' your mind, flowin' divine each time I'm in it
Lyrics stretch like giraffe neck, they infinite
Unh, y'all know they all get consumed
Had to wave hi to Mom up in the room
Yeah, H-Mack is lyrical penetration
The mom and the daughter, multiple generations
Yeah, and you know that I be livin' like a movie star
Girl on the left said, "I don't know who you are!...
...I'm sorry..." It's okay, here's the policy
You don't need to issue no apology
Yeah, 'cause you about to know
AKA H-Mack really 'bout to flow
And every time I'm spittin', I be doin' it with passion
Peace to my number-one fan named Jasmine
H-Mack, man, my lyrics not a bummer
I be heavy like a hummer
And I love the smell o' jasmine in the summer
Yeah, I be lovin' the flower
These rappers get devoured
I be freestylin' for hours
I'm doin' me, doin' what they can't
Growin' like the jasmine, that's my favorite plant
Every time I'm on it, man, I make the speakers boom
Love the scent o' jasmine in the perfume
Mack goin' in when I'm all up in the zone
Shouts out to Jasmine filmin' on the phone
Every time I'm on it, I spit it clever, you know I do better
You matched the white phone case to your ill white sweater
Unh, doin' what I'm feelin', I'm on my lovin' route
And every time I'm rappin', you be coverin' your mouth
Comin' off the top o' this, these rappers, they don't stand a chance
Every time I'm spittin', I'ma put 'em in a ambulance
Unh, when I rhyme, I'ma flex up
Said I'm 'bout to put this beat in a stretcher
Yeah, and y'all know we up in here
The nurse was like, "10,000 volts! Clear!"
Džžžž! Shock it back to life in the back o' the ambulance with the sirens that's blarin'
Unh, I'm about to run it like a errand
Harry Mack, about these rappers, I ain't never carin'
When I'm rockin', they be starin'
Unh, I'm comin' off the top with the sweet bars
I connect like a ambulance to a ER
Yeah, and y'all know I'm workin' magic
I'm somethin' like a ambulance the way I'm clearin' traffic
Unh, make way in my lane
H-Mack comin' with the craziest brain
Yeah, I'm comin' off top with the flow
Jasmine already knew but now your friend knows

[[B]]
Ah, come off the top o' the brain
Ay, check how I'm lobbin' the flames
Ay, ever since I started rappin' all up on Omegle, it's not been the same
Ay, Mack, I be changin' the game
Ay, check how I'm movin'
Ay, they love the way I maneuver
As soon as the beat drops, yo, I got you groovin'
I do what I'm feelin', you know that I shine
Ay, ay, kinda like a sunspot
Ay, I be bringin' juice off top
Hold up, wait, I remind you of a kumquat
Ay, H-Mack, I get loose with the juice
Unh, I be doin' shit they can't do
Every time I'm rappin', yo, I'm 'bout to keep it true
Good for your health like kumquat juice
Unh, H-Mack, man, I came to get free
I be growin' when I'm flowin' like a kumquat tree
H-Mack, y'all know I'm comin' off the tip o' this
The bars I deliver in this session are ridiculous
Yeah, and y'all know I'ma beat cats
Hold up, kumquat, I love to eat that
Yeah, bring it through 'cause it's sweet, that's facts
Harry Mack, they all 'bout to repeat my raps
Unh, never fall to the floor
Every time that I be rockin', I'ma break you off with more
Yeah, you know I'm leavin' rappers sour
Any track I'm on is about to get devoured
Unh, I be goin' in real quick
'Cause the bars I deliver, they be infinite
Yeah, lyrics that I kick are absurd
Oops, my bad, I forgot your other words
Please remind me, what was two and three?
["Sandstone and leopard."]
That's right, I'ma blow your mind with the damn poems
Unh, I'ma rock, that's sandstone
H-Mack, I be comin' through properly
I'm about to put my words together so logically
Unh, y'all know the mic is in my hand
It starts hard as stone but I crush it into sand
Ay, H-Mack, man, I'm stayin' out o' reach
I make so much sand, I could prob'ly fill a beach
Unh, y'all know I'm comin' through properly
Known for puttin' words together so logically
Lookin' at her friend like, "Damn, he's good!"
I'ma break it down and I'ma make it understood
Y'all know that I came to work with flair
Unh, peace to my homie with the purple hair
H-Mack comin' through and you know I get fly
Word to purple hair 'cause these rappers 'bout to die
Ay, get it? I be comin' off the tip swift!
Every time I'm rhymin', I be reppin' for my district
Yeah, I be stylin', they all profilin'
When I start rhymin', the people start smilin'
H-Mack, I will improve your mood
Yeah, you can see me with the YouTube views
H-Mack, let me show you what I do first
'Cause I'm 'bout to get loose with the freestyle verse
When it be comin' to lyrics, I'm better
These bars that I kick off the top are too clever
You know that my lyrics is tougher than leather
I'm never gon' slip, I stay on my endeavor
I kill the game even when under pressure
Disaster, I'm movin' more faster than leopards
Unh, y'all know the Mack'n, I got this
And just like a leopard, I'm 'bout to get spotted
Unh, I got y'all groovin' 'n movin'
Your situation, it be steady improvin'
Ay, y'all know I'm spittin' with a passion
Every time I get to rappin', man, the people start reactin'
And I really got you dancin', got you boppin' from the shoulders
When it come to freestyles, Mack much colder
Unh, y'all know I'm flowin' divine
Ay, I see that y'all pullin' the blinds
Ay, I see the window behind
Ay, y'all know I came through to shine
Ay, I am improvin' yo' vibe
Show me the window, you move to the side
Ay, H-Mack, y'all know I'ma reach ya
Now I got you leanin', Tower o' Pisa
H-Mack, man, I'm comin' through swiftly
Ain't a livin' rapper in the game who could dis me
Unh, I don't never sip no lean but I rep my team and I live my dream
Unh, yeah, y'all know I be spittin' out the fluid more
Plus I put a smile on both o' your faces
Honestly, that's what I do this for

[[C]]
HelloFresh! Hello, HelloFresh!
C'mon, HelloFresh! Hello, HelloFresh!
C'mon, HelloFresh, ah, listen, check
As fall transitions to winter
There ain't nothin' more appealin' than a home-cooked dinner
Place your bets on HelloFresh, that's a reasonable wager
They gon' have your kitchen laced with them seasonal flavors
Holidays are hectic, on my life, that's for sure
No time for the store? Get food delivered right to your door!
You can keep your time focused like a camera lens
Not on shoppin' and meal prep; rather, family and friends!
Trust me, there ain't no way you can lose, son
With so many different recipes you can choose from
Family-friendly, calorie-smart, pescetarian, veggie
Whatever your preference, they got somethin' ready
And they produce reminds o' my rhymes when I supply the deep message
Why? 'Cause they arrive at peak freshness!
Get it from the source, from the farm to you
Don't believe me? Just peep the 5-star reviews!
And if the pressure on your shoulders make it hard for you to walk with a straight spine
HelloFresh is helpin' you save time
Yeah, so you ain't gotta stress, you know the deal
Low prep, easy clean-up, plenty 20-minute meals
Preportioned ingredients, dawg, that's amazin', too
'Cause that equals less wasted food
So with HelloFresh, you ain't never havin' to panic
They help you save the whole earth from the way that they plan it
If what I'm spittin' right now sounds legit
I can guarantee you already down with it
You ask how I know? I can tell just 'cause you listen, G!
After all, I'm the one with hella fresh delivery

[[D]]
So cold that I'ma freeze ya
Off top, the number-one freer
Boom! Bang! Bam! That's onomatopoeia!
H-Mack, yo, y'all know they observe
The way I quickly take sounds, then turn 'em to words
Yeah, any time I rap, you know it's the joint
Onomatopoeia, kinda like a pig sayin' ‘oink’
Or a dog sayin' ‘bark’, that's the way that I spark
I am not a actor, no, I'm not playin' no part
Nor readin' no script, recognize that he is the shit
It's H-Mack, I come off top with unbelievable shit
Yeah, when I rhyme, they be makin' all kinds o' noise
Y'all know Saturdays are for the boys
Unh, every time I rhyme, yo, I got that swag
I said I seen the catchphrase, read it off o' the flag
I be doin' me, y'all know the track gettin' smothered
Like your hair up front, my flow got multiple colors
Yeah, I do what I'm feelin', I'm one in a million
We up in the buildin', y'all know my light is shinin' so brilliant
I'm makin' it happen, you panic, bruh, I travel, no manager
It's insanity the way I drop more facts than Britannica
Unh, H-Mack, other rappers never seein' bruh
I said my brain is kinda like encyclopædia
I be the visionary, y'all can picture Harry
Reference books, encyclopædia, dictionary
Thesaurus, I'ma call 'em all out
Yeah, Mack, I'ma kill it, slay 'em all, there's no doubt
When I'm doin' me, I make it happen, crazy with the rappin'
Takin' action, I ain't never caught up on the couch slackin'
Yeah, y'all know I'm lookin' cleaner with the hair
Peace to the homie who be leanin' on the chair
She's like, "I know you pullin' them all day!"
Unh, "Even though you look old with hair that's gray!"
Unh, I said y'all know I'm 'bout to have your speakers booming
I make it work for me, I'm rap George Clooney
Yeah, comin' off the top o' this for sure
I'm embarrassed, I forgot your last word
Please remind me right now
["Jewelry."] Oh, yeah, jewelry
I'm not with the tomfoolery
But check it, when I'm rhymin' in perfect alignment
Y'all know I'm shinin' just like a necklace or a bracelet with diamonds
I'm 'bout to go next, yeah, my vibe, that's what I protect
I'ma cop some jewelry, I think I need a Rolex®
Then again, if I'm true when I free
I can't wear diamonds, that shit would look stupid on me
Yeah, ayo, I gotta keep it real and not be careless
To make it in this life, you gotta have self-awareness
Unh, every time I spit, you stayin' in your stance
I appreciate the both o' y'all for givin' me a chance
Live with my people, sharper than needle
Spittin' it lethal, I have no equal
And if I die, I might not get sequel
So I gotta spit it off the top right now and release flows
For the people who be rockin' with me live on Omegle

[[E]]
Unh, I'm feelin' broken
Yeah, god damn, I'm feelin' broken
Unh, yuh, I'm feelin' broken
I gotta get better, here's hopin'
Unh, hope I find a way to get open
Unh, 'cause as o' now, I'm feelin' broken
Yeah, I express it when I'm rappin'
I'm feelin' terrible, I can't believe this happened
I don't know what to do, I don't know how to take action
My whole heart, it's been smashed in-
To a million bits, I wanna rebuild it
Deep inside my soul, man, I can truly feel it
Unh, you ain't gon' believe it, my G
I can't believe that my girl went and cheated on me
Unh, ayo, she had my heart straight levitatin'
And she told me she was dedicated
Yeah, I believed her but that wasn't clever
Unh, I believed her when she said forever
Yeah, I loved the way she did her thing
I was 'bout to drop to my knee, give her the ring
Yeah, I was 'bout to get fully engaged
Now you askin' me to turn to the next page?
Yo, and in this area, I'm truly not a master
Ayo, you want me to flip to the next chapter?
But I loved what I had, bruh
And right now, it's feelin' like a disaster
What can I ask for? Who can I call to?
Can't believe that my one woman had to go and fall through
She was faulty, now I'm fallin'
Down to the ground, situation is appallin'
I'm feelin' broken, I'm feelin' shattered
How can it be that true love don't matter?
Tell me, what am I supposed to do, and how can I move on
When I don't wanna write a new song?
Nah, I like the one I had already written
How will I get past this without forgettin'?
Will I move on, like, eventually?
I need that memory eraser stick from ‘M.I.B.’
Yeah, someone call Will Smith
'Cause the memory o' my past, I need to kill this
Unh, y'all know I gotta find a way to feel romantic again
I'm runnin' them antics within My mind and playin' back the scenes like instant replay
Hold up, wait, what did she say?
She said we was 'bout to raise some kids
Buy a crib, said that we would do it big
She said she loved the way that I live
She said she wasn't jealous o' the music
But I guess those words were useless
I was in the studio just tryin' to provide
And it turns out she was searchin' for a different vibe
All those late nights when she said she had to work late
I thought she was speakin' truth in a pure way
But it turns out those were just excuses
Crazy how you have love one moment, then you lose it
God damn, unh, I'm feelin' broken
Yeah, yeah, I'm feelin' broken
Hope it gets better, y'all, here's hopin'
Unh, I hope you understand the notion
I'm feelin' broken, what, I'm feelin' broken
'Cause when you give your heart, when you really go in
And when you feel the love deep as the ocean
But then it goes away in the wind, it makes you broken
Yeah, I gotta find a way that I can get past this
Unh, thought I had the love shit mastered
Ay, thought I truly understood this
Now she's out my life, my goodness
Unh, gotta go and write my ass a new song
Ay, gotta go and find a way to move on
Unh, I'm feelin' stuck
Gone from my life forever, yo, what the fuck
Damn!