[[A]]
My lyrics get y'all so excited
Unh, they lovin' all the flows I provided
Yeah, when I'm kickin' lyrics, they know it's too tight
I'm blendin' colors kinda like yo' pink and yo' blue lights
Yeah, I'm all up on it and my flow's off the handle
You was like, "I see behind you you got pianos...
...Could you play somethin'? Really bring somethin'?...
...'Cause if you play the chords, then I'ma sing somethin'!"
I was like, "Man, I wish I could...
...I use the keyboards to make the beats understood!"
Yeah, but as of now, I will come from the spirit
And hopefully I can deliver some raw lyrics
I be comin' off the top o' this, gettin' all them damn props
Somethin' like the poster behind you, you know I can't stop
Yeah, it's Mack, I keep on climbin'
And every time I'm rhymin', my vocals is in alignment
I got you slappin' yo' knee while rappin' with ease
Unh, techniques I use too exactin', my G
Now, listen, y'all know that I got the flows they can't believe
Growin' like a plant from the soil with the flowers and leaves
Yeah, I got the bars that's not computed
Off the top, I'm 'bout to shoot it
Like a plant, I'm deeply rooted
Yeah, rappers is tiny, I will devour ants
Melt 'em down kinda like some nuclear power plants
Yeah, and y'all know I'm out here makin' it happen
H-Mack'n way too crazy when rappin'
Doin' what I'm feelin', my flow is one in a million
Put my name at the top o' the flyer, we top billin', y'all
Ay, and I'm 'bout to bring it back now
Unh, I blow your mind with the rap style
I'ma black out, I'ma show you how it should be
It's a cold world, you gon' prolly need a hoodie
Prolly need a sweater, prolly need a jacket
Yeah, so many different rhythms I'ma pack in
To each and every measure and bar o' my rhymes
Yeah, said I be goin' real hard for the shine
Ayo, rappers, they annoy me like a blister
Peace to you and shout to your step-sister
Shout to everybody watchin', I got lyrics they can hear
Spit bars in every direction while reflectin' like a mirror
Yeah, unh, and y'all know that I be blastin' the beat
Like sand when it's gettin' blasted with heat
To make the glass, then it's dipped in the special type o' fluid
So that we can see it as a mirror, let's do it
Yeah, I leave rappers ruined, y'all know I'm reflectin' like a pond
I'm reflectin' like a river, way too strong
I'm reflectin' like the night sky all up in the lake
Every time that I'm reflectin', dawg, I start to debate
Am I here 'cause o' somethin' deep up in my genes?
Or am I here from the influence o' my team?
And when I start reflectin' on things like that
It's kinda like the world's a mirror to inspire my raps
Yeah, I got you dancin' with your arms in the sky
Yeah, these rappers wack so I be harmin' these guys
Yeah, I had to go off o' the tippy with sick frees when I be blowin' your mind
Every time that I'm spittin' the lyrics, it comes from the spirit, I'm flowin' divine
Doin' whatever I gotta Whenever I'm rhymin', I lead 'em direct to the slaughter
Harry Mack, when I be spittin', it's H2O with the crazy flows
I slaughter rappers swiftly with the water bars
I deliver like a river, pullin' arrows out the quiver, all my lyrics soundin' sicker
I know that I been goin' for a long while
Just got to prove that I'm flowin' with the strong style
Got you coverin' your mouth up with both hands
I'm too gross, fam, nasty with the flows, man
I got you laughin', and y'all know when I'm rhymin', I'm shinin'
Maybe next time we're in alignment
I'll learn some piano so that I can hear you sing
I hope you diggin' the positive energy I bring

[[B]]
...like this Unh, H-Mack make it sound better than a record
Bars off the top, man, forever they too clever
Nobody's like me
Shout to the cousin in the white T
I'm about to rep for my district
Unh, shout to the cousin with red lipstick
Yeah, I see both o' y'all up on the screen now
Ay, comin' off top with the mean style
Yeah, you know that, am I the greatest off the top? Well, I think so!
Leanin' with the white T-shirt, you got them wrinkles
Mack, I'ma break it down, check the sacred sound, I'm a king in this
Kill it each and every time I'm bringin' this
Yeah, put the track up in smoke like a fireplace
I see you smilin', it's takin' up your entire face
I got you laughin', I'm spittin' with passion
My name is the Mack'n, and truly I'm spazzin'
They really was skippin', what the fuck, they got me trippin'!
How the fuck could you skip this?!
Unh, I'm lettin' e'erybody witness
Fuck it, we 'bout to keep on goin', we gon' have to clip this
Maybe for the motherfuckin' Patreon
I be out here droppin' more crazy songs
This here is a freestyle bang-a-thon
Yeah, tell me how you doin', man, I do that off-the-head work
Shout to my homie who be noddin' in the red shirt
H-Mack, I'm all up in it, y'all know I'ma work the mic
All up in the background, I can see you got them purple lights
Yeah, I'm still rappin' 'cause I'm not dead yet
He sayin', "Yeah!" Shout to my homie rockin' the headset
Noddin', I do this often, I rock your speakers
All up in the black dresser, you got all them sneakers
I see 'em right behind you, you know I'm 'bout to rhyme true
Every time I'm spittin', they like, "Mack, we gotta find you!"
I send some shine through, and I'm rappin' to amaze
Your T-shirt says "Manufacturing Day"
Well, this is Mack, all up off the mental
Bars I deliver, man, y'all know that they essential
Bringin' the beat back, I'm flingin' the heat raps
I'm ready for war now, I'm givin' you more style
I got the hardcore style
I'm doin' my thing, I spit it absurd
Y'all know I'm leavin' your vision so blurred
When it be comin' to sickness right off o' the tip o' this
Y'all know I could not be cured
Got 'im yellin' out, "Daaamn!"
Unh, y'all know the Mack about to slam
Tell the people who I am
Listen, I'm 'bout to put you on the spot, it's absurd
My man, please yell out some random fuckin' word
[Uh... My girlfriend thinks I'm just an option? So, yeah...] Oh, shit!
All right, well, listen, we about to stay locked in
Your girlfriend thinks you're only an option?
That ain't right! ... Nah, that's okay
Yo, you 'bout to get past it today
Listen, unh, sometimes in life, it gets cumbersome
Your girlfriend needs to understand that you're num-*hiccup*-number one!
Yeah, yo, you the top priority [Keep goin', man!]
Shout to my homie for supportin' me
Now listen, unh, we 'bout to change the world
Yeah, you tryna be number one for your girl
Yeah, and when I start rhymin', there ain't no stoppin' this
You wanna lock it down, you want the shit to be monogamous
You like, "Baby, can't we be dedicated?...
...'Cause when you in my arms, yo, I straight up levitated!...
...I'm no longer sittin' down in my chair...
...Girl, when you kissin' me on my cheek, I'm in the air...
...Yeah, I said I'm levitatin' just like David Blaine!"
Man, it's crazy the impact she made on your crazy brain
I can see it, I see the love swellin' from your heart
And I know you wanna be hers, you wanna play that part
You wanna be the king, you want her to be the queen
'Cause you feel like she the most beautiful woman that you seen
But she see you as just one option on the team?
Damn, that shit is the opposite of serene
So you gotta stay dedicated, gotta stay down
And if not, you gotta find some way, somehow
To move on to the next, man, sometimes it's gotta go like that
I'm off the top to keep the flow quite phat
Okay, gimme one more random word so that I can finish
[Uh... Pickles! F— I don't know! Um... Mc... McDonald's!] Ah-haha! Aight, yo, yo, check it... McDonald's?
[McDonald's and pickles, yeah...] Pickles?
Yeah, unh, unh, unh, off o' the top with the sick flow
Eatin' these instrumentals like McDonald's and pickles
[Yeah!] Unh, I'm 'bout to spark this
Check out the way that we start this
When I be rhymin', they know that I'm shinin', I'm just like the Golden Arches!
Yeah, off o' the top I go hard, I'm gettin' loose with the bars
When it be comin' to majorest flavor, I'm just like a pickle that's out o' the jar
I do what I'm feelin'! Am I the best off the brain? Well, I think so!
Unh, rappers is old, rappers like pickles, rappers is wrinkled
["Daaank!"] Unh, Mack, I be bringin' the youngest spirit
I turn it up, let you hear it
Ah, I used to pack it, light it and clear it
Ah, that's disappearin' outta my life, I don't need it right now
Unh, no longer get weeded right now
Unh, 'cause it was slowin' me down
Unh, now I go pound for pound
Unh, I got you noddin' soon as I hop on the screen
Shout to dude in the red shirt who rocks with my team
[Damn right!] Yeah, unh, I be kickin' styles in the place
Man, I'm blessed that I could put a smile on your face

[[C]]
Through the Omegle screen, y'all know Mack about to reach ya
When I kick my lyrics, they be yellin' out, “Preach, cuh!”
Yeah, we wanna hear what you sayin'
Come right off the top and I'ma make it happen, no delayin'
I was like, “I could do a freestyle, y'all, duh...
...But someone better tell me, what's the meanin' o' "cuh"?”
They were like, “Naw! Cuh's not a word...
...It's like, ‘Wassup, cuh?’ Haven't you ever heard?”
I'm like, “Oh! Thank y'all just for puttin' me on game!”
Now, I'm gettin' started and the mic is gettin' slain
When it comes to freestyles, I be stayin' in my lane
I don't write it, I recite it off the tippy o' my brain
Yeah, we gon' make it happen and y'all know it's unrehearsed
By the way, I appreciate your first verse
You was, like, goin' off with a couple o' bars
H-Mack, when I spit, I'm never subtle, I'm hard
Yeah, live on your computer, I be comin' out the future
I popped up and you were like, “Oh, it's my favorite YouTuber!...
...Wait, no, it's my favorite SoundCloud® rapper!”
Now I'm the one that be causin' a mad disaster!
Comin' off the top o' this and y'all know that I'm rappin' bent
And when it comes to lyrics, Harry Mack has been extravagant
There's nothin' new about it, man, these rappers who I'm tacklin'
And y'all know when it comes to skills, I'm so precise, exactin' with
The shit that I'm usin', microphone abusin'
Over instrumentals, y'all can see the Mack is cruisin'
Causin' no confusion, y'all know I'ma manage
Now let me see if I can do a freestyle word in Spanish
Unh, I got the dope flow; am I the best? I hope so!
And y'all know that I'm funny–you know, gracioso!
It's Mack, I'm up on it and I'm 'bout to drop the vocab
When I do the bilingual lyrics, they gon' go mad
Unh, I'm lettin' lyrics fly out my mouth, y'all was like, “Ohhh!”
Steady leanin' back on the couch
Ayo, y'all know that I keep it goin', never gonna end
You went behind the back just so you could whisper to your friend
Like, “How long is he 'bout to go for? It's everlastin'!”
[I farted!] Any time I'm rappin', I'm comin' through with the passion
Say it once again?
[I farted!] Oh, you farted? Yo, it gets regarded as somethin' real
Harry Mack, I'm gettin' to the money
*sniff, sniff* Yo, what's goin' on? It smells funky!
When I rhyme, y'all know that I'm livin' my dream
Can't believe I smelled your fart through my computer screen!
That's amazin'! Y'all know that I'm out here to rhyme true
Counteracting your fart with those flowers behind you
Yeah, I see the tulips all up there on the picture
Yeah, blendin' with your fart for a weird smell mixture
Ay, Mack comin' through and I'm ready to smash, up to the task
Word to flatulence, rappers get gassed
Ayo, they be like, “Oh, my god, oh, my god,” and still goin'
Known for all the ill flowin', wond'rin' what I will show them
Yeah, ayo, I stay up in the air with the hang time
What the fuck is that? Are you flashin' a gang sign?
Yo, my lyrics 'bout to linger
How the fuck are you that flexible with your fingers?
It's crazy, ayo, y'all know why rappers are in trouble
If I tried to do that with my hand, I'd prob'ly pull a muscle
It's Harry Mack, I'm still up on it gettin' it done
I said my heart and soul, dawg, that's where I'm spittin' it from
Let's go!