[[A]]
Unh, you about to flip yo' shit
H-Mack, man, I'm stayin' on a different tip
H-yeah, I hardly even started rippin'
This fool is jumpin' up and down, he's already trippin'
Yeah, I swear to god I'm spittin' with a passion
This is by far, like, the easiest reaction
I've hardly done anything, you're already buggin'
Yeah, wait a second, dawg, don't misjudge it
Let me prove myself, when I grab the mic, I know you seen me
Yeah, I be carbin' up and eatin' my linguine
Yeah, H-Mack, man, these rappers better lay low
I'm a boss, I got the sauce, that's Alfredo
Yeah, I'm comin' through, smokin' like a Rasta
Eatin' emcees like linguine pasta
Yeah, H-Mack, when I be spittin', yo, my flow's fly
If it ain't linguine, it's the penne or the bow tie
Yeah, H-Mack, y'all know I'ma leave you stuffed when I bust
Grab up on the mic, givin' you more than enough
Breakin' it down, I got the sacred sound, makin' y'all aware o' me
I said, "Uh... Wait, what's 'posterity'?"
I'm 'bout to keep on representin', yes, I'm spittin'
But before I use it, dawg, I need a definition
Heh, ayo, astoundin' to y'all
That's the reason I be makin' this dude bounce off the walls
Yeah, I keep it on forever, y'all know I be rippin' for the fans
Peace the homie who be sippin' out the can
They was like, "Is this dude real? I don't think."
Then the dude in the shirt said, "Let me get another drink."
Yeah, listen, I be flowin' off the soul for all these clones
Soon as I start rhymin', everybody pullin' out they phones
Makin' it happen when I'm up on the scene
Rappers gettin' gassed like they ate too many beans
Yeah, and y'all know I fuck up tracks like a nympho
When it comes to beans, will you take the black or pinto?
Yeah, H-Mack, man, you know I'm sayin', "No way...
...I let my flows spray, so make your choice here at Chipotle!"
"Okay, I want the bowl with white rice and black beans...
...And let me get some double chicken for fat scenes...
...Of meat up in it, I need protein for days...
...Plus can I get the pico de gallo? That would amaze...
...Oh, and hot sauce to blaze, and some sour cream, too...
...And some guacamolly, I know you charge extra, yeah, it's true...
...Yo, bring it my way!" I should correct myself, prob'ly
Before the comments section calls me out for guacamolly
I meant guacamole! Holy moly, none can control me
I be spittin' boldly, doin' what nobody told me
Go against the grain, I'm sharper than a arrow
On the straight 'n narrow, goin' over heads like your sombrero
That was, like, the first thing I called out, are you jokin'?
As soon as he said sombrero, he straight broke it
H-Mack, y'all know I be stayin' in the zone
He don't wanna hear my poems, this dude is like, "I'm goin' home...
...I'm leavin', I'm out!" And y'all know I'ma flow for guys
I was like, "Homie, what the fuck are poster eyes?"
Yeah, break it down like each and every time that I speak to you
I shock 'em like your background Pikachu
These dudes are buggin', I'm about to spit it clearly
I'm fairly certain both o' y'all can't even hear me
Ayo, I spit the shit that they know not
Every time that I'm rhymin', they know that the flow's hot
They done thought I was a robot
Couldn't believe I was really here, y'all know that I am a human
When it be comin' to bars, I be eatin' the beats and you know I'm consumin'
Everything that I be hoppin' on, I rock the song, I'm fatter than blubber, no doubt
That be the reason you cover your mouth
And you be noddin' like this with your head
Harry Mack doin' exactly the shit that I said
I'm callin' it out, I got you flippin' your arms around
This is some shit that I'm always about
Yeah, H-Mack, I got the easy style
Thought that I was a robot, bet they believe me now


[[B]]
Comin' off the top, live, I'm cypherin'
You better bet my flow is wet like fire hydrants
H-Mack, y'all know I be good off the brain
Word to fire hydrants, Mack about to put out your flames
H-Mack on another level with my rap creations
Someone prob'ly needs to go and call the fire station
[static] "Nine-one-one, what's your emergency?"
"This guy is burning everything down with the word spree!"
Ayo, I'm here to burn your house to a crisp
H-Mack, man, I make these rappers cease to exist
Comin' through swift, y'all know what I'm all about
Rappers soundin' wack so I gotta call 'em out
Yeah, ayo, y'all know I'm on my mission, evolved
Treat rappers like fire hydrant, I be pissin' on y'all
I guess what I mean to say, in this game, I'm a big dog
And, also, man, these rappers got me pissed off
It's H-Mack, I take it further, I'ma serve ya
I'ma kill the track, like, any time I'm on it, this is murder
Yeah, I'm here for all o' y'all and you know that I spark it hot
I'm a fire hydrant, I'ma block your fuckin' parkin' spot
Rappers can't be here, I'ma help you see clear
No parkin', red curb, known for off-the-head words
Doin' what I'm feelin' and I got your frame decayin'
And my brain is like a open fire hydrant how it's sprayin'
All the kids is runnin', playin' in the summertime
I keep it real and never kick a bummer rhyme
I'm comin' through after y'all, check the way I'm swaggin'
Over instrumentals, I be breathin' fire like a dragon
Make it happen right now, y'all know my lyrics tight
A dragon with the wings, and now I'm takin' flight
I'm breathin' hella fire like Charizard
You know that I'm hard with bars
Every time I'm rhymin', yes, I are a star
Is a star, is a king, do my thing constantly, bomb emcees
All these other rappers just some wannabes
Ayo, y'all know they like, "Can it be?...
...Is he really a dragon? Is this a fantasy?"
I take you back to medieval times when I kick these lethal rhymes
Yeah, I'm just here to help these other people shine
I told you like a dragon fire, I be scorchin' ya
I got love for my two new friends out in Florida
Ayo, they was like, "What's up with this new dude?"
I popped up, they was like, "N-n-n-no, are we on YouTube?"
I was like, "W-w-w-well, I mean, not yet...
...I'm not live streamin' but I'm 'bout to spit a hot threat!"
Comin' off the tip, I know my people 'bout to love me
I'm a boss, rappers soft, man, I guess these rappers fuzzy
I'm doin' whatever I'm feelin' whenever I'm doin' my thing, I'm elevated
She was like, "But not a fuzzy dragon! Keep 'em separated!...
...Okay? If it's a fuzzy dragon, then you'll fail...
...I mean, dragons are not fuzzy, okay? Dragons have scales!"
Yeah, listen, I'ma do it better, bars they couldn't measure
Dragons are not fuzzy, yo, they have a rougher texture
H-yeah, "He called the dragon fuzzy? Wait, no, silly him...
...Don't you know a dragon has scales and it's reptilian?"
Doin' what I feel like, my lyrics is too tight
Yeah, I be spittin' many flames, I need a new mic
All these rappers wrong, I'ma teach 'em how to do right
Peace to the girls that be dancin' in the blue light
Unh, on the track, I'm here to spit on the jam
Yeah, I see you on the left doin' this with your hands
I got people dancin' constantly, yo' vibe, I won't erase this
Peace to the girl in the gray with mad bracelets
One is black, one is white, one is lookin' silver
One is beaded, one is woven together, they all look iller
Yeah, I be that rare guy
But I'm pretty sure one o' your bracelets is actually more like a hair tie
It's Harry Mack, I'm in it just to break it down, believe me
Ayo, I keep it goin' and y'all know it's so easy
Yeah, these rappers made o' plastic
I leave 'em with some cracked lips, they gon' need chapstick
You stretched it with elastic to show me
I keep my flow free, I boost your health
I'm elevated like the things you got up on that shelf
Over the door; they like, "He's still flowin' for sure?!...
...He keeps it goin' constantly, he needs a encore!"
Yeah, I'm in the sky, I just stay there and linger
I'm goin' up like the direction where you pointed your finger

[[C]]
If you wack, then I'm dentin' your flow
I got the vibe you can feel from your head to your toe
Yeah, I be droppin' bars heavy as anvils
Flows is exposed like toes up in the sandals
Mack all up on it, forever I keep it movin'
When it come to lyricism, y'all, I'm constantly improvin'
And I got my people groovin', yeah, I got your head noddin'
And I put in hella practice, man, I do this shit too often
Let's go, I'm a problem, best believe it
Ayo, the pain that you feelin', I will relieve it
I'm known for tearin' instrumentals into pieces
A lot o' people call me Freestyle Jesus
Ay, listen, I'ma get it done 'cause my bars is soundin' cold
And my lyrics hella nasty like some toes that got the mold
Yeah, every time I grab the mic, my energy, I brung this
I told ya that I'm funky like the toes with the fungus
Hold up, I'm here for my people just to perform
All my music bumps like a toe with the corns
Yeah, Mack all up on it and ya know I face the challenge
Walkin' bare feet so ya know I got the callus
Underneath my foot on my sole
Hold up, wait a minute, got calluses on my soul?
Yeah, 'cause my spirit, it's been through the wringer
And that's why the raw truth is what I'm 'bout to bring ya
Now how'd 'e go from toes to spirit? Run it back so y'all can hear it!
H-Mack, y'all know I'm always rhymin' phat, ya know ya hear it
Yeah, I drop the lyrics that are so evolved
Got your hand like this every time I flow for y'all
Yeah, and now you grabbin' yo' temples
The way I do my bars off the mental, you know it's fully essential
I got you laughin' with a passion, me and tracks ain't never clashin'
When it comes to doin' lyrics, I be always takin' action
Hold up, I'm up in it to win it, y'all better know that
Unh, and I'm here to keep the flow phat
Yeah, I know they love the flow
About to fill you up with pain like you stubbed your toe
Listen, I'm doin' it fast, I got the pizzazz
I'm really gon' spaz, I'm improvisin' just like it's jazz
Y'all know I'm up to the task, and you ain't gotta ask
I'm nice with the raps, I'm steady growin' just like the grass
It comes from the seed, my people out there better believe
I got what you need, I'm 'bout to kill it, homie, indeed
Number one flower, breakin' through like Red Rover
I'm 'bout to run you over, cuttin' rappers down like a lawn mower
I'm cuttin' the grass, y'all know that they all trash
Y'all can't see me like I'm hidin' in the tall grass
Ayo, who have I killed? I guess it's lots o' rappers
Movin' through the tall grass like a velociraptor
Jurassic Park reference, I'm goin' where they never been
Representin' for the few, the most clever men
Do whatever I'm feelin' whenever I'm killin', ya know that I'm on it, I'm ready to bust
Unh, rappers disgust, like toilet brush
Yeah, and y'all know I'm out here to manifest
She was like, "RAAAH! Some people think that I'm possessed!"
H-yeah, H-Mack, y'all know I'm comin' next in this, I'm flexin' swift
And you kinda remind me of The Exorcist
Yeah, and y'all know I'll be a master soon
You was like, "I slept in 'til three in the afternoon...
...Now I gotta get dressed up for a party...
...Am I in that mood right now? I mean, hardly."
I was like, "W-w-well, w-, w-w-well...
...Uh, maybe I could do a freestyle and maybe help...
...So let me show you how I do what I do...
...'Cause anytime I'm rappin', I'ma send it through to you!"
Like that!