[[A]]
Yeah, unh, yeah, okay, ah, yeah, yeah
Uh-huh, ay, yeah, okay, okay, okay, unh
Rappers best believe me, they can't even see me
I'ma take they mind, then I press it like a panini
Yeah, ayo, I told you I'ma make it look easy
Word to paninis, 'cause most these fuckin' rappers is cheesy
Yeah, and y'all know I spit it ill off the head
I got the panini press so I'm grillin' the bread
Yeah, and me freestylin' be the ill part
Make a imprint on the game, just like some grill marks
Yeah, y'all know I be tearin' up the whole beat
Makin' a panini out o' white or the whole wheat
Either way, we combinin' the bread
With the meat and the cheese, pesto, and the rhymes that I said
For some extra spice, I'm flexin' nice, live on the mic
Yeah, when I'm rhymin', they just ain't survivin' me, right?
I do what I feel, the obstacles is what I confront
I spit it fly just to get you high like smokin' a blunt
Yeah, and when it come to lyrics, they know I'm a true god
I always got a mic, like a blunt always with Snoop Dogg
Matter fact, I'm about to do it, I'm impressin' you true
I get lifted like Devin the Dude
Yeah, ayo, y'all know they not controllin' me once
I'm on a roll with these lyrics like I was rollin' a blunt
So don't even front, I'm really live up in the place
They make a blunt out of a dub, I make it out of a eighth
In fact, we might make it all out of a ounce, I'm ready to bounce
You know we blowin' chronic in, like, crazy amounts
H-yeah, but here's the truth that I can't avoid
I had to stop smokin' blunts, they made me paranoid
H-Mack comin' through, I do it like none other
My lyrics butter, the instrumental gettin' smothered
I said, "Listen, each and every time I perform...
...The most common word that they give me is orange." She's like, "Why?"
I'm like, "They think nothin' really rhymes with that...
...But I'ma use it just a little bit to show my mind is stacked."
Sharp like thorn, my word is born, rappers 'bout to get torn
Every time I'm usin' setups for orange
H-yeah, peel it like the citrus, make you witness, people love me
She was hard as fuck when she said the word puppy!
Yeah, ayo, they cannot compute
H-yeah, I'm like, isn't puppy s'pposed to be hella cute?
She's like, "Nah; PUPPY, homie!"
This puppy is vicious!
This puppy is hard!
This puppy eats you like you're delicious!
This puppy's straight-up off the leash!
Yo, this puppy a beast!
The puppy 'bout to make you rest in peace!
Got it? Capisc'?!
H-Mack, man, you know that I'm excitingly fly
She's so impressed, she's wavin' the fan and wipin' her eyes
H-yeah, Harry Mack, y'all know that every time I bust it live
I take flight like your pretty necklace with the butterfly
Yeah, and I'm sure that you'll remember me
I came on screen, she was like, "Yo, I love your energy!"
You bringin' positivity, your vibe, I be enjoyin'
I'm like, "Whatchoo doin'?" She's like, "Talkin' to my ugly boyfriend."
I was like, damn, I come with the spice, I live my life
But please, could you be more nice?
She's like, "It's not my boyfriend, I just met 'im last night."
I'm like, "All right, well, in that case, I guess it's all right."

[[B]]
Yeah, I'm a freestyle god
Ay, breakin' off the leash like a rabid dog
H-Mack, y'all know I be ready to spark
Ay, ayo, I'm a dog, check how I bark
Yeah, I'm 'bout to woof on you rappers 'cause I'm livin' proof
I get loose each and every time I'm in the booth
Hold up, h-yeah, they know that I spark it right
But most these rappers in the game is more bark than bite
Check it, I'm breakin' out the kennel, live on instrumentals
Flavorful like fennel, I'ma tell you all just what I been through
I'ma make it happen, crazy rappin'
Y'all know I'ma turn ya 'to believers
Fetchin' microphones like a Golden Retriever
Yeah, I'm doin' all these lyrics right up off the noodle
I draw it like doodle, matter fact, live like a Poodle
'Cause I let these lyrics curl off the mental, bring it to you live
It's Harry Mack, they step to me, they will not survive
Ayo, you know I do it now, make you proud
Ay, these lyrics cute, kinda like a Chow-Chow
I be talkin' 'bout the different puppy brands that we love
Harry Mack, y'all know that I'm yelpin' like a Pug
Hold up, I'm 'bout to put it down for all o' you, I'm raw, bruh
Most these emcees, they be tiny like Chihuahua
It's Harry Mack, I'm goin' in deep
Yeah, check the way I bust free
I'm carryin' my weight like a Husky
Yeah, and you know that my lyrics make you holler
Flow is unidentified like Husky with no collar
They can't find the name but my rhymes are flame
And every time I kick a lyric, yo, I shine insane
I got you buggin', it's nothin', y'all know I bring the flair
These lyrics curl off my head kinda like your hair
Yeah, I do it properly
And y'all know that I'm really 'bout to jump without no bungee
You got the yellow scrunchie
Plus you got the blue one on the other side, I see that
And when it comes to lyrics, yo, I do deliver free raps
I do what I feel and I stay in my zone
I said I'm sortin' out my lyrics like hair from a comb
Yeah, check the way I bust, man, I'm givin' y'all enough
I don't need a comb, 'cause like a artist, I use a brush
Yeah, fillin' up the canvas, I get the ampest, I'm doin' what they can't do
My demeanor clean, no shampoo
Yeah, I'm 'bout to put it down for my listeners
I'm good for your health, kinda like hair conditioner
Heh, I represent forever, I go wild
Yeah, and word to hairdos, I got style
Mack comin' through raisin' hell, I do excel
I'm 'bout to hold it down in one place like hair gel
Or hair spray, I spit in a rare way, that's all day
Leave you shook, I got knowledge like you read a book
Ayo, I'm comin' off the top, I be the visionary
I'm droppin' words on your mind like a dictionary
Go full throttle like I'm readin' a novel
Yeah, or readin' the Bible for holy apostle
Yeah, or maybe readin' encyclopædia just to catch the facts
Or readin' notebooks full of my raps
Or readin' newspaper, or readin' the magazine
To see what's goin' on on this planet in my scene
Yeah, any time I'm readin', I'm gainin' information
Harry Mack, I'm 'bout to blow your mind by every indication
I'ma smash this; to make your jaw drop, that's what my task is
Right now, I see my reflection up in your glasses
I saw you said, "Wow," I saw it with your mouth
We doin' it right now, showin' you what I'm about
Yeah, my name is Harry and my freestyles vary
I popped up like, "Hello!" She was like, "You kinda scary..."
I was like, "For real? I'm tryna make you proud!"
She was like, "You know, I mean, your voice is kinda loud."
I was like, "Okay, I get it, now you paintin' me a picture...
...I scared you with my volume, so instead I'm 'bout to whisper...
...I bring it down real quiet, I'm 'bout to cause a riot...
...Ayo, your brain is kinda like I'm climbin' up inside it..."
Yeah, I told you I'm nice with the lyrics, no jokin'
Your brain I'm provokin', jaws drop, mouth wide open

[[C]]
Yeah, okay, yeah, ah, okay, yeah
Yeah, okay, ah, ah, ah, ah
They ask me how am I doin'
Ay, I said I'm feelin' real great
Ay, she was like, "You need a word?"
Ay, "What is the last thing you ate?"
First, I just had to think
Memory shot, I smoke like a Rasta
So I put memory in, then I remember, "Oh, I ate some pasta."
Mack, I'm never takin' a loss
Shout out to pasta 'cause I got the sauce
Ay, all o' my lyrics is deadly
Ay, choppin' the track to spaghetti
Ay, come off the tip o' the mental
Ay, represent live for the West Coast
People know I got the best flows
I got more flavor than pesto
Hold up, and I ride this track kinda like a stallion
Ain't a word that's challengin'
I love eatin' Italian
Got the pasta all in my dish
Harry Mack, yo, I'm 'bout to let
Everybody witness the way that I rhyme
I'ma put in mad work, I don't break no sweat
Let's go! Come off the tip o' the zone
Ay, y'all know it's 'bout to go down
Ay, she was like, "Lemme think colors..."
Unh, hold up, "Yo, let's go with brown."
Ay, I was like, "Cool, I'll whip it up," do that with the quickness
I was like, "Why are you goin' with brown?"
She was like, "Check out my lipstick!"
H-Mack, I'm keepin' it fly
Then she want blue, just like the sky
Ay, I was like, "Blue? I wonder why."
Then she just points to her eye
Yeah, Mack off the top o' the dome
I'm never down with the fake stuff
Rhyme about brown, rhyme about blue
That be the color, your makeup
Yeah, y'all know they get loose whenever I perform
She was like, "What's the color of your sheets?" "Burnt orange."
H-Mack, y'all know I perform, I ain't no liar
Ay, feelin' like I took a orange and tossed it in the fire
Ay, c'mon, I go deep, ay, y'all really 'bout to remember me
When askin' all about my food and my bedsheets
You know you testin' my memory
I'ma go in quick, y'all know I'ma wreck this
Blowin' up all up in the game, they expect this
They can feel me from LA out to Texas
Matter fact, shinin' bright, kinda like a necklace
Ay, ain't nobody 'bout to fool me
I said I shine bright kinda like your jewelry
Yeah, when I'm out here reppin' for fans
I use all o' the words, then she's clappin' her hands
Yeah, y'all know I'm really 'bout to snap when I send it through
They remember, dude, she's like, "Naw, I can't believe it!"
Now she's wavin' her hand
H-Mack, you know I'm amazin', god damn!
Come off the tip and you know that I'm gritty
Every time I rhyme, they be sayin' that it's pretty
H-Mack, comin' off the top too witty
Kinda like the picture on the side, whole city
'Bout to get right, I see it on the wall
When it come to lyrics, I be fully evolved
H-Mack, you know that he's spitting great
Like the pic on the wall, see the cityscape
I'm lit up, can't give up, y'all know that we get paid
Ay, shinin' bright, I'm over heads, kinda like your lampshade
Ay, Mack all up on it, I be settin' my words free
Peace the girl with brown lips, blue eyes, hair that's curly
I call it out, I'm all about the realness 'cause I rhyme too great
Yeah, rappers, they can't get recharged
Ay, they remind me of your vape
Ay, check out the way that I do it
Y'all know that I'm leavin' 'em broke
She was like, "I cannot recharge my vape...
...I dunno, I guess it's broke? I'm tryin' to smoke!"
Y'all know I provoke these rappers, I'm dope, they just cannot cope
Yeah, y'all know when I be spittin' off the top, my demeanor be cleaner than soap
Ay, makin' you bounce when I'm on it
Ay, I got you wavin' your shoulders
Ay, my brain kinda like the Arctic Region, only difference is I'm colder
Let's go!